Api versions (#54)
WoltLab/woltlab.github.io: pages/package/package_package-xml.md

The attribute `version` must be a valid version number as described in the [\<version\>](#version) section. In the example above it will be impossible to install this package in WoltLab Suite Core 3.1.0 Alpha 1 or higher.

### `<compatibility>`
{% include callout.html content="Available since WoltLab Suite 3.1" type="info" %}

> {% include callout.html content="With the release of WoltLab Suite 5.2 the API versions were abolished. Instead an exclude to the version "6.0.0 Alpha 1" from the WSC is sufficient." type="warning" %}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{% include callout.html content="With the release of WoltLab Suite 5.2 the API versions were abolished. Instead of using API versions packages should exclude version `6.0.0 Alpha 1` of `com.woltlab.wcf` going forward." type="warning" %}
```
